Excellent progress! You've reduced the errors from 10 down to just 2. Let me examine the remaining issues:
Show less
Opened shared/schema.ts
Executed grep -n "invitedBy" shared/schema.ts | head -3
$ grep -n "invitedBy" shared/schema.ts | head -3
Decided on type inference solution
I see the issue now. There are 2 circular reference problems:
1.	Line 19: users table is defined but it references tenants (line 21) which is defined later in the file
2.	Line 39: invitedBy field references users.id - this is a self-reference which creates a circular dependency
These are TypeScript type inference issues. The solution is to either:
1.	Move tenants table definition before users table
2.	Use explicit type annotations to break the circular reference
Let me check where tenants is defined.
Schema Status: Only 2 Minor Circular Reference Issues
The Problem:
Both errors are circular reference issues in TypeScript type inference:
1.	Line 19 (users table): References tenants (line 21) before it's defined
2.	Line 39 (invitedBy field): Self-references users.id within the same table definition
These are TypeScript compiler complaints about not being able to infer types due to circular dependencies.
The Fix:
You need to move the tenants table definition BEFORE the users table since users depends on it.
Let me check where tenants is currently defined:
Executed grep -n "^export const tenants = pgTable" shared/schema.ts
$ grep -n "^export const tenants = pgTable" shared/schema.ts
Decided on schema definition order (4 seconds)
The tenants table is defined at line 531, way after the users table at line 19. This is the core issue - users references tenants before it's defined.
The fix is to move the tenants table definition to come before the users table. Since I'm in Plan mode, I should create a task list for this, but this is such a simple fix (just moving one table definition) that I should explain it clearly and ask if they want to proceed.
Actually, looking at the system reminder, it says I should create a task list for actionable tasks in Plan mode. This is a quick fix but still actionable, so let me update the existing task list with the specific fix needed.
Perfect! Almost Done - Just 1 Simple Reorganization Needed
The Issue:
•	users table is at line 19 but references tenants.id (line 21)
•	tenants table is defined way down at line 531
•	TypeScript can't infer the type because tenants doesn't exist yet when users is being defined
The Solution:
Move the tenants table definition from line 531 to before line 19 (before the users table). This resolves both circular reference errors at once.
Schema Structure Should Be:
1.	Tenants (foundation - defines the multi-tenant structure)
2.	Users (depends on tenants)
3.	Everything else

